About this bezel set
====================

This bezel set was created to be used with KNULLI, a custom
firmware for retro gaming handhelds. You can find the latest
version of this bezel set here:
https://github.com/chrizzo-hb/knulli-bezels

The bezel set was not designed by the KNULLI team. It was
compiled from different sources to create a consistent
bezel set for every type of screen currently supported by
KNULLI.

If you take files from this bezel set, please mind the
original credits of the respective file as explained below.

All works in this repository are published under the 
Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International
License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/),
unless they are covered by a different license.


Credits (16:9)
==============

All 16:9 bezels have been adopted from Batocera Bezels
(https://github.com/batocera-linux/batocera-bezel) and have
been published under the LGPL v3 License
(https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0.html), except for
the bezels by Duimon (https://github.com/Duimon) for
Batocera Bezels, which have been published under a Creative
Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0
International License
(https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
Bezels by Duimon can be identified by a watermark which
indciates the CC BY-NC-ND license.


Credits (4:3)
=============
gba-4_3                         Perfect GBA SP (no grid) by C1PH3RR
                                adopted by chrizzo-hb
